Adding open source guidelines (#25)
HewlettPackard/galadriel: GOVERNANCE.md

## Project Roles

### Users

These are individuals who 1) want to learn more about the Galadriel Project; or 2) are existing users of Galadriel and its tools who wish to follow the Project's progress. 

### Contributors

These are individuals who wish to contribute code or ideas to Galadriel. Contributors submit code and ideas through GitHub.

### Maintainers

> These are individuals who can merge submitted PRs into the primary codebase (note: the Project requires PRs be approved by at least one (2) Contributors). For the POC and MVP of the project, contributors and mainteners will have equivalent roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are individuals who can merge submitted PRs into the primary codebase (note: the Project requires PRs to be approved by at least two (2) Contributors). For the POC and MVP of the project, contributors and maintainers will have equivalent roles.
```

Author: Thanks

## Change Review Process

**All changes must be submitted as a GitHub Pull Request (PR)**

The submitter of a PR is responsible for responding to feedback from reviewers and maintainers. While the PR remains open, they are also responsible for ensuring the change is always in a state where it can be merged. Guidelines for submitting a PR for approval can be found [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> **All changes must be approved by at least two other Contributors**

Reviewer: I know Contributors and Maintainers will be equivalent for the POC, but I'm wondering if we should require the PRs to be approved by Maintainers instead

Author: We need to revisit the guidelines once we finish the POC. I was planning on adding a task for that to the backlog. I agree it should be the maintainers in the long run.

Reviewer: Makes sense 👌
